Title: TBD (Org Chem Adventure?)


Size: About ~150 Questions Plus detailed solutions.


Aim:

O-Chem as taught for the JEE part of things has little to know meaning of its own, 
deprived of the laboratory pretext the subject actually carries with it.
Most students find this lack of context appalling and are forced to either create some meaningful
context of their own or proceed with rote memorization without it.
(Also the fact that the JEE O-chem prep is probably one of the most detailed Organic chem 
course taught at the high school level in the world, where the subject matter is actually a few years
worth of material crammed into a few months.)
The book when cannot solve this entire problem on its own aims to be supplemental to the pursuits
of students preparing for the JEE [and for people in a similar situation] -> (This has to be looked into)



Methodology: 
(will be further clarified with an example of such a question)

The book achieves this through illustrative questions that demonstrate particular concepts/reactions/mechanisms/reagents
of Org chem coupled with a mnemonic like contextual overtone that would help you remember
the 'point of the question' while also making the question fun to read.

TBD: The book might also feature a connected narrative throughout the questions.




Project-Timeline (tentative):

Project Start:2nd week of June
Completion of first draft plus collection of all artistic resources required: First week of August.
Marketing followed by actual publishing: Mid August.
Project close with end of marketting: End of August.




Platform:
Available in pdf and print format for free online.
Suitable sites for hosting the book to be looked into.



Targets:
10,000 Downloads/Reads by Mid October.








Making questions is optional, see the first few questions and see if you can come up with similar stuff.
What I need you to do is to proof read and make sure that the questions are understandable along with the solutions
and to help me with the typesetting plus drawing organic structures.
Also for the cover art of the book, you might want to make it, otherwise we'll just have to find something online.
Later you can help me with the marketting aspect of things.
Of course I will give you more detailed instructions as we go along.



